if I moved from like a really small town
in the middle of nowhere in England and
we're like the only kind of music that
was around was basically hardcore and
metal and rock music so I'd never been
exposed to electronic music until I
moved up to Guildford near London to do
my degree and yeah all might like
basically the housemates I moved in with
we're all really into electronic music
they were from around London
and they start showing me all this stuff
and it's like okay this is uh this is
kind of cool
and then one day someone showed me
Skrillex and I was just like oh wow okay
I want to kind of I went in on this now
I think definitely working with my kind
of my label boss schism was a big help
for me because he's obviously he's a
bite at dawn of the kind of of the same
he's been around for years he knows all
the ins and outs and yeah it's working
with him kind of special when it came to
the actual songwriting not necessarily
the production but actual like song
forms and keeping it like minimal but
yet interesting like these are all
little things I learned from Tommy
schism and yeah I think he's definitely
benefited me the most
the other one particular group which I'm
trying to get something sorted out with
and they just because they've done so
much already in this kind of scene as
well as they're the Foreign Beggars like
a London Trio trio would you say yeah
two rappers in a DJ but yeah they're
just amazing like really nice nice hey
this is really authentic London and rap
and they they always pull it off doing
the whole kind of whether it's like
dubstep Drum & Bass they work to some
like the biggest artists or already but
yeah I think to get on track with them
would be pretty ideal my sound and it's
kind of dirty
electronic music mix with nice melodic
break sections and verses and it's a bit
like everything but like not in Nice but
grimy and pleasant bit of everything
really